The Power of Uchiha
I have different bonds...
Bonds of hatred with my older brother...
Numerous bonds...
mislead oneself...
and weaken the most important desires...
and cherished memories.
Have you finally opened your eyes...Sasuke?!
Shut up.
You don't even have parents or siblings...
What do you know about me?!
You've been alone from the start!
What do you know about me?! Huh?!
It's having the bond that makes it painful!
You've no idea what it's like... to lose that!
You're right.
I don't know about having real parents or siblings...
If that's the case, then why...?
Why, Naruto...?
Why do you go so far for me...?
To me, it's a bond...I've finally been able to establish.
That's why I'll stop you!
Why didn't you...
I can't turn back...
Then I'll just break that bond!
Why didn't you kill me back then?!
You think that could break our bond, Sasuke?!
Naruto...
The reason's simple...
It's not that I couldn't break the bond with you...
You're one...
who might be able to use the same Mangekyo Sharingan as mine...
However, there's a condition.
You must kill...
your closest friend.
That's...!
It was just irritating to me.
Obtaining power based on the method he told me.
What do you mean?!
It's not necessary to explain that to you.
What I can say to you is...
Back then...
Chidori!
Rasengan!
- Rasengan! - Chidori!
Naruto...
I...
Back then...
You're only alive because of my passing whim.
He's fast!
When did he...?
Come to think of it,
wasn't it your dream to become the Hokage...?
If you had the time to be chasing after me,
you should've spent that time training or something.
Right, Naruto?
S-Sasuke...!
And so this time around... you'll lose your life...
because of my passing whim.
No way can a guy who can't even save one friend...
become the Hokage.
Isn't that right, Sasuke?
Sasuke!
That manner of defense...
was correct.
All right!
Chidori Stream!
He's unleashing Chidori from his entire body...!
Sorry, Naruto...
You'll have to wait a while...
Next time, I promise...
I won't be a burden.
I'll stop Sasuke...
with my own power!
Those eyes. This guy's bad news.
Captain Yamato!
That manner of defense...
was a mistake.
This Snake Sword of mine is somewhat special, you see.
It's impossible to guard.
My body is getting numb...
This is...
Is he sending a Chidori through the blade...?
I get it... It paralyzes you with numbness after cutting...
on top of increasing the cutting quality to the extreme...
It appears... things have gotten interesting.
Now's your chance, Naruto...
Show him...our...
powers.
What's the matter...?
Why do you hesitate...?
You need my power, don't you?
Now then...
Who do you want to kill...?
Don't...come out anymore!
What're you afraid of?
Shut up...!
I don't need anything like your power anymore!
Who was the one who had the nerve...
to ask for my help at every opportunity?
You should know that you can't do anything on your own.
Break the Seal completely!
I'll grant you all of my powers if you do.
Get lost!
You...
I see... So you're an Uchiha...
My, how you've grown...
What're you doing here...?
I can see it now...
So this is your unknown power, huh...?
Who would've thought...
you'd have something like this inside of you...
To think you'd become able to see me within Naruto...
That dreadful Sharingan...
So that's the power of the cursed clan, huh?
It seems this isn't the first time you've seen the Sharingan.
Then...
you must be the Nine-Tailed Fox, huh...?
That vision, and Chakra more ominous than mine...
It's just like...
the Madara Uchiha from olden times...
Uchiha...
Hell if I know...that person.
I never thought...
you would go so far as to suppress my power...
This might be the end...
But let me tell you...one thing...
Don't...kill...Naruto...
You'll...
regret...it...
Wood Style: Domed Wall!
Sasuke...
Looks like it's meaningless...
to try and convince Sasuke further than this.
Captain Yamato...
We can't let a Shinobi who left the village...
roam free forever, you see.
I really didn't want to take any rough measures...
because of you two watching, but...
What do you intend to do?
We'll bring him into the Leaf with any means we can.
Sorry, but I'm going to go all out from here.
Next time: "Title"